IBM Db2 docs update (#3029)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/db2/index.md

guide will walk through what you need to know to get up and running with Db2
Warehouse and Segment.

> note " "
> This document refers specifically to [IBM Db2 Warehouse on Cloud](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/db2-warehouse-on-cloud){:target="_blank"}, [IBM Db2 Warehouse](https://www.ibm.com/analytics/db2){:target="_blank"}, and the [IBM Integrated Analytics System](https://www.ibm.com/products/integrated-analytics-system){:target="_blank"}. For questions related to any of these products, see the [IBM Cloud Docs](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs){:target="_blank"}.

## Getting Started

To get started, you'll need to [create a Db2 user for Segment](#create-a-user-for-segment), [grant that user sufficient permissions](#grant-the-segment-user-permissions), and then [create the the IBM Db2 Destination in the Segment app](#create-segment-db2-destination).

### Create a User for Segment

In order to connect your IBM Db2 warehouse to Segment, you need to create a Db2 user account that Segment can assume. To create a user account for Segment:

1. Open the Db2 warehouse. Click the top-left menu, select **Administration**, and open the **User management** tab.

2. Click **Add**.

> 3. Create a new user account with "User" privileges. Save the username and password, as these are required to set up the Segment configuration in a later step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new user account with *user* privileges. Make sure you save the username and password, as these are required to set up the Segment configuration in a later step.
```

### Grant the Segment User Permissions

To grant the Segment user access to your database:

> 1. Open the top-left menu and select **Run SQL**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the top-left menu in your Db2 Warehouse and select **Run SQL**. 
```

> 2. In the SQL input, copy the following code snippet, replacing "segment_user" with the user ID that you created above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the SQL input, copy the following code snippet, and replace `segment_user` with the user ID that you created above.
```

  ```json
  GRANT CONNECT, CREATETAB, IMPLICIT_SCHEMA ON DATABASE TO USER <segment_user>
  ```
3. Click **Run All** to execute the `GRANT` command.

### Create Segment Db2 Destination

To set up an IBM Db2 destination in the Segment app:

> 1. Open the Segment app. Select **Connections** and click **Add Destination**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Segment app and navigate to **Connections** and click **Add Destination**. 
```

Author: Would it make more sense to omit the first `and` and instead add a comma? 
```suggestion
1. Open the Segment app, navigate to **Connections** and click **Add Destination**. 
```

2. Search for and select **IBM Db2 Warehouse**.
3. Select the sources you want to connect to the IBM Db2 warehouse, and click **Next**.
4. Enter a name for your destination, and enter the following credentials:

>   - Host (Found in your Db2 instance, under Administration → Connections)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Host (You can find this in your Db2 instance, under Administration > Connections)
```

  - Port (50001 is the default for Db2)

>   - Database name (Found in your Db2 instance, under Administration → Connections)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Database name (You can find this in your Db2 instance, under Administration > Connections)
```

>   - User (This is the "User ID" that you created above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - User (This is the User ID that you created above)
```

>   - Password (This is the "Password" that you created above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Password (This is the password that you created above)
```
